Welcome back everyone and this lecture we're going to go over the solutions for the detection assessment
notebook.
Let's get started.
OK.
Here I am at the notebook for the object detection Assessment Project.
Again all we're doing here is detecting Russian license plates in images and then blurring them first.
We're going to do is import the usual libraries as you may expect that to numb PI SNP and then import
that plus live that pipe plot as Piazzi.
And then we will say map plot live in line then the next thing is to read in the car plate JPEG file.
It's from the data folder.
So all you need to do is say CB2 read and then grab the car plate JPAC file.
Next we want you to create a function that displays the image in a larger scale and thus color correcting
format lib.
If you color corrected outside of the function that's totally OK too.
So the way we do this is we say G.F. we call this function display it takes in an image and then we'll
say figure is equal to peel t that figure size is equal to 10 by eight.
And don't worry about memorizing this code.
I often just copy and paste it myself so you can just copy and paste this from the previous lectures.
I myself don't have this sort of thing memorized.
So then we say add subplot one on one and then I'm going to color correct the image here.
So to see color take in the image and then say See we to color underscore BGR to our BE
lips.
And then finally we'll say x him show that and you image Sozzi that displays correctly.
And there we have it so now we have a larger display of the actual image.
OK.
The next step is to load the cascade Russian plate number SML file.
So I will create an object called Plate cascade and set that equal to CB2 and then call cascade classifier.
And inside the data folder inside the jar Cascades folder there should be a file called Haar cascade.
Russian plates keeps rolling down.
Eventually I can see the Russian plate number ex-MIL the one mentioned right here in their actions.
So we'll go ahead and run that next.
We want to create a function that takes in the image and draws a rectangle around what it takes to be
a license plate.
This is actually going to be almost the same code we did for the face to text.
So I was going to a copy of that image that way I can draw on it affecting the original image and then
say plate rectangles is equal to plate cascade.
And then I will detect multi scale on the image and you may want to play around the scale factor.
When I was playing around I noticed that a scale factor of 1.3 and minimum neighbor value three ended
up working well for me.
So hopefully you are able to also play around with that and then we'll go ahead and say 4 x y w h in
the rectangles.
So essentially it's a list of coordinates for rectangles.
We're going to say CB2 rectangle plate's image set the top left.
Then set the bottom right so same process we did in the previous lecture.
Go ahead and choose a color choose a primary color here and then give it a thickness of four.
And then I will return the plate image.
OK.
Run that.
And then let's check the results.
Whoops.
Minimum.
Ne Burs.
There we go.
And when I display the results I was able to successfully detect the actual license plate.
So now they know where the license plate is.
I can then blur it out.
So the way to do this is I'm actually going to cut out this region and set that as a region of interest
then it will blur that region and then stick it back into the original image.
So we're going to replace whatever's in this rectangle with the blurred version of itself.
You can check out the directions here but essentially I'm going to show you the steps.
So we're going to do is say plate image is equal to image copy.
And I'm going to make another copy from my region of interest
and then same as before.
We're going to call the exact same detect multi-skilled.
In fact I'm just going to copy and paste it from here.
So copy that and then paste it here and then I will say for x y w h in pl. rectangles I'm going to set
my R.
I'm a region of interest just to that region inside of the image.
So right now my rectangles defined by x y and w h.
So I want to just grab that using some pie slicing which means I will say r y is equal to r y.
Remember right now there are ways in the image are y starting up.
Why all the way to Y plus H.
So we're going down the rows first.
So if I actually take a look over here and saying come down to Y down to Y plus H and then slice from
X all the way to X-post w So will say all the way to X loops will say Khama X all the way to X plus
W..
So not a hammer or a Y.
I'm going to blur it.
I will say my blurred r y is equal to CB2 and I'm just going to use a medium Blur's that wants the easiest
to work with.
You can even just use CB2 blur and Elisha's pass and a kernel says 7 to make sure it's really blurred
and then I'm going to replace this exact same section of my original image so we'll grab that section
of the slice and say my image at that section is now equal to the blurred archway.
OK.
So pretty simple it's actually just three lines of code.
The really tricky part was figuring out the slicing that mentions here because it's essentially opposite
from the way you draw the rectangle usually with this CB2 rectangle.
So what you end up doing is you do the wife versus that stands for rows and then you do the x.
Second since that stands for columns.
OK.
So hopefully you were able to figure that out given the hints and that we're going to return plate's
underscore image.
So let's run this.
Make sure everything works.
And if you able to successfully blur out the image of the license plate then you're good to go.
OK.
If you have any questions feel free to post the Q&A forums.
I hope you found this project fun.
And it's one of the first times where we can really see how we can apply everything we've been learning
to a real life situation.
Thanks and I'll see you at the next section.